Descendant Selector
Select an element inside another element
A  B

Select all the plates and bentos
Comma Combinator
Combine, selectors, with... commas!
A, B

Select every apple that's next to a plate
Adjacent Sibling Selector
Select an element that directly follows another element
A + B

General Sibling Selector
Select elements that follows another element

Select the pickles beside the bento
A ~ B
You can select all siblings of an element that follow it. 
This is like the Adjacent Selector (A + B) 
except it gets all of the following elements instead of one.

Select the apple directly on a plate
Child Selector
Select direct children of an element
A > B 
You can select elements that are direct children of other elements. 
A child element is any element that is nested directly in another element.
Elements that are nested deeper than that are called descendant elements.

Select the top orange
First Child Pseudo-selector
Select a first child element inside of another element
orange:first-child
You can select the first child element. 
A child element is any element that is directly nested in another element. 
You can combine this pseudo-selector with other selectors.

Select the apple and the pickle on the plates
Only Child Pseudo-selector
Select an element that are the only element inside of another one.
:only-child
You can select any element that is the only element inside of another one.

Select the apple and the pickle on the plates
Only Child Pseudo-selector
Select an element that are the only element inside of another one.
:only-child
plate *:only-child
You can select any element that is the only element inside of another one.

Last Child Pseudo-selector
Select the last element inside of another element
:last-child
You can use this selector to select an element that is the last child
element inside of another element.

Pro Tip → In cases where there is only one element, 
that element counts as the first-child, only-child and last-child!

ul li:last-child selects the last li elements inside of any ul